
    June 30 - Inauguration as Vice President of the Philippines
    July 01 - First official meeting with President Duterte at Camp Aguinaldo
    July 07 - President Duterte calls VP Leni to offer her the HUDCC position
    July 12 - Oathtaking as HUDCC Chair at Malacañang Palace
    July 12 - Saving Php200k/mo. through relocating offices
    July 22 - Held a consultation with the World Food Program, for poverty and hunger alleviation, in preparation of the launch of the Angat Buhay program
    July 23 - Treks several kilometers to a remote village in Bgy del Rosario in Ocampo, Camarines Sur
    July 31 - Visits Punta Tarawal, Calabanga with individuals who wish to aid the far-flung coastal barangay in tow
    August 01 - Partnered with AGAPP to fund a school in Punta Tarawal, Calabanga
    August 05 - First 30 days GIF
    August 19 - Consulted with coconut farmers in Alabat, Quezon, which is known for their Accelerated and Sustainable Anti-Poverty Program (ASAPP)
    September 07 - Lowers Office of the Vice President's budget for 2017 from Php500m to Php428m, and personally defends the budget in front of the Senate Committee on Finance.
    September 19 - Visits typhoon-ravaged Batanes province; offers emergency shelter assistance; calls emergency meeting the day after to secure funding for recovery efforts.
    September 23 - Visits Sumilao, Bukidnon for a dialogue with the Sumilao Farmers, people’s organization and farmers’ cooperatives; and 7 Tribes of Bukidnon to understand the needs of the Indigenous Peoples communities.
    September 29 - Holds a workshop for LGUs to better prepare them for their interactions with potential partners on the event itself
    October 07 - First 100 Days; alternative video
    October 10 - Launching of Angat Buhay: Partnerships Against Poverty; video 01; video 02
    October 14 - Visiting far-flung barangays and holding dialogues with the people of Asipulo, Kiangan, and Nagacadan. She even made the trek there herself, stubbornly pushing through despite unfavorable weather conditions.
    October 21 - Visits typhoon-ravaged Cagayan province; emphasizes need for disaster-mitigation investments
    October 28 - Joined in the Indigenous-People's thanksgiving and celebrations in Sarangani province
    November 04 - Visits the LGU of Agutaya, Palawan, as part of her Angat Buhay initiative. She spoke with fishing and coastal communities
    November 05 - Visits the LGU of Culion, Palawan, as part of her Angat Buhay initiative
    December 04 - Receives SMS message from Sec. Evasco to 'desist from all Cabinet meetings'
    December 04 - VP Leni decides to resign from her Cabinet Position
    December 05 - Formally offers her resignation

 

HUDCC & Housing-related Events

So what did she do as HUDCC chair?

    Summary of Accomplishments of VP Leni as Chairwoman of HUDCC

2016

    August 17 - Plan for consolidating key shelter agencies to further streamline Government-led housing initiatives
    August 21 - Streamlining project applications from 27 to 9 steps
    August 30 - Held a dialogue for housing concerns with the residents of housing sites in the 2nd District of Bulacan
    August 30 - Inspected PNP and AFP housing and found it to be severely lacking
    September 06 - Suspension of off-city resettlement programs due to loss of livelihoods for resettled people
    September 18 - Audit of Yolanda housing projects
    October 17 - Developing a housing-program that is Indigenous-people-oriented (e.g. no land titles needed)
    November 03 - Commits Php24M for Kidapawan Housing initiative
    November 04 - Fast-track of Yolanda housing construction
    November 08 - Turnover of Housing in Tanauan, Leyte; Inspection of a community driven in-city permanent housing project of the Urban Poor Associates in Tacloban
    November 27 - Discussion with the Local Inter-Agency Council about the status of informal settlers in Barangay Caroyroyan, Pili
    December 02 - Referring to the San Juan example, VP Leni pushes for in-city housing relocation to minimize loss of livelihoods for beneficiaries
    December 02 - HUDCC Updates: Social Housing Finance Corporation
    December 05 - Summary of Accomplishments of VP Leni as Chairwoman of HUDCC
    Despite constraints on budget and the institutional limitations of Housing and Urban Development Coordinating Council, Vice President Leni Robredo was able to:

1. Cut red tape for better service
2. Pave the way for the construction of around 17,000 homes of Yolanda Victims
3. Provide socialized and low-cost housing for at least 46,000 families
4. Adopt a city-wide approach to socialized and low-cost housing

Through her leadership, new policy directions in consultations with the poor and marginalized sectors are made. These policies are in line with her promise to give voice to the poor, strengthen the Filipino family, and build happy communities.

Partner-Initiatives 2016

    Yellow Boat of Hope partnership
    October 08 - Solar Kit distribution to Mangyan Communities, Pola, Mindoro Oriental
    October 26 - Toy Library for the children in Maribojoc, Bohol
    November 04 - Turnover of books to students of Diit Elementary School in Agutaya, Palawan. These are books from the Center for Art, New Ventures & Sustainable Development (CANVAS), as part of their One Million Books for One Million Children project.
    November 05 - Launching of Balik-Culion Program, and signing of Memorandum of Agreement between local government of Culion and the Culion Foundation Inc.
    November 12 - Launch of 3 Angat Buhay Projects in Dagupan City, Pangasinan for Seniors wellness, and Nutrition, and Education
    November 28 - Project PEARLS, distribution of vitamines for Malnourished kids in Tondo, Manila
    November 29 - CANVAS workbooks distribution in San Jose del Monte, Bulacan

